The goal of the Department's performance appraisal system is
to assist the Department and Bargaining Unit Employees in
maximizing their contribution to the Department's mission and the
Employees' work goals.
To that end, the system is used to: identify and communicate
work goals for Employees and teams, identify and address
Employee developmental needs, assess and improve Employee
performance, recognize and reward Employee accomplishments,
and base appropriate personnel actions on performance appraisal results.
Article 22 covers the Department's responsibilities
and timelines for managing performance appraisals.